CLEMONT
You guys look really great.
It's a relief to see that you're
all doing really well.
Are you eating okay? Are you
cleaning up after yourself?
I hope so. Is the laundry
piling up? I hope not.
CLEMONT Everything's so
completely under control
I've just completed
my latest invention.
Latest invention?
[chuckles] With it, you'll never
have to do
household chores
again.
I call it my Gothitelle
Domestic Engineer.
It automatically detects
anything that needs cleaning
and polishes it until
it has an immaculate luster.
Awesome.
[EXCITED]
You are witnessing
the power of science.
[grunting]
Hey. I don't need cleaning.
Stop it. Cut it out.
[grunting]
[gasps]
Oh..
I'll be glad when you get here.
It'll be a relief too.
Oh.
[chuckles]
♪ You're just a kid on a quest ♪
♪ To be the best of the best ♪
♪ Someday you're destined
for power and glory ♪
♪ You know you're up
to the test ♪
♪ There's only one way
to tell this story ♪
♪ Be a hero be a hero ♪
♪ All the power
is at your command ♪
♪ Face your fears
and show you're a hero ♪
♪ The future of the world
is in your hand ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"GOOD FRIENDS, GREAT TRAINING!"
NARRATOR Our heroes are on their
way to Lumiose City
site of the battle
for Ash's fifth Gym badge
while Clemont
waits for their arrival.
Yay, I'm glad Clemont
looks good
even if his inventions
look about the same.
He looks great and he said
he's been taking on challengers
almost every day.
Well, this is one challenger
he's not gonna beat.
What do you say, buddy?
[AGREEMENT]
So have you come up
with a strategy yet?
‐ Strategy, huh?
‐ Right.
You'd better think
about Clemont's Pokémon
and figure out how
you're going to battle them.
Yeah.
Now, let's see.
Clemont's Pokémon are Bunnelby
and Chespin and Luxray, so..
He's also got
Magneton and Heliolisk.
I'm sure they've been
training really hard.
Alright.
We'll train really hard too.
‐ 'Some special training, Ash?'
‐ Huh?
Who's there?
It's been a long time,
hasn't it?
It's Tierno.
Well, what do you know?
Hi.
Bonnie and Dedenne,
you look great.
Uh? Serena.
Ah‐h‐h‐h..
'Your hair's different.
Your clothes too.'
You've really changed your look.
Wow. You looked great before,
but now you look really great.
Perfecto.
Uh, thanks a lot, Tierno.
Huh? Where's Clemont?
No way.
Clemont's a Gym Leader?
‐ No kidding?
‐ Yeah.
And he's in Lumiose City now
getting ready for our battle.
I remember challenging
the Lumiose City Gym once.
But I know
I didn't see Clemont.
I battled some weird robot.
BONNIE
You're talking about Clembot.
Clemont built
that robot himself.
TIERNO Uh? Are you serious?
Incredible.
So did you win a badge?
Huh! You bet.
And here it is.
Way to go.
So what do you say you have
a battle with me right now?
It'll be a great way
to get in a little practice.
[EXCITED]
You've got it.
Okay, Sliggoo.
I choose you.
[APPEARING]
That's awesome
that you caught a Sliggoo.
Thanks.
Sliggoo was kind of scared
and a little timid at first.
Special training's
made it super‐strong.
Wow. Check my Pokémon.
[APPEARING]
A Ludicolo and a Wartortle.
And Hitmontop and a Politoed.
See, I've been adding to my
team since the summer camp.
They're great.
That Wartortle evolved
from your Squirtle. Am I right?
[EXERTIONS]
[EXCITED]
So, Ash, tell me what you think
of my new dance crew now?
Wow, they've got
some great moves.
Oh, yeah, did you wind up using
my rhythmic battle style?
Well, my style ended up
being a little different
than what you were
showing me
but I used it to win a Rumble
Badge at the Shalour Gym.
Awesome. I know.
I think we should
have a Double Battle.
My Pokémon will be Wartortle,
and my other buddy right here.
[APPEARING]
Cool. Raichu, huh?
If you're gonna challenge
the Lumiose Gym
you'd better do some training
against Electric types.
Raichu, The Mouse Pokémon
and the evolved form of Pikachu.
'Raichu's tail functions as a
ground and releases electricity'
'into the surface, which keeps
it from shocking itself.'
Isn't that cute? Raichu
is Pikachu's evolved form.
[EXCITED]
Pikachu. Sliggoo.
Let's give it all we've got.
[AGREEMENT]
Alright. Battle begin.
Huh?
‐ Huh?
[SCREAMING]/[STRUGGLING]
Pikachu.
‐ What's going on?
‐ Pikachu.
Let Pikachu go.
[laughing]
ASH/SERENA/BONNIE/TIERNO
Team Rocket?
Hi. I trust you're
dumb as always.
We're remotely coming
to you from far away.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
And now, witness the sheer power
of Team Rocket's newest robot.
The Automatic Pikachu Catcher,
otherwise known as APC.
Our APC is capable of
long‐distance performance
by detecting the electricity in
Pikachu's body from any location
and then catching
the Twerpy rascal.
Alright.
Show us your magic APC.
[STRUGGLING]
Not gonna happen. Sliggoo.
Dragon Breath, right now.
[DRAGON BREATH MOVE]
[PANIC]
Oh. Pikachu, you okay?
[PLEASED]
[CONFUSED]
[ANGRY]
[PANIC]
Raichu and Wartortle.
Pikachu. Sliggoo,
help them out.
[EXERTION]
[PAINED]
[PANIC]/[PAINED]
[all gasping]
Come back!
[coughing]
ASH/SERENA/BONNIE/TIERNO
Huh?
Oh, no.
[WORRIED]
[STRUGGLING]
[EXERTION]
[PAINED]
[ANGRY]
[CURIOUS]
[SAD]
[EXERTION]
Fletchinder.
See anything?
[DISAPPOINTED]
Alright.
Thanks a lot, Fletchinder.
I think, we should split up
and look separately.
Good idea.
So let's get going.
‐ Okay.
‐ Alright.
‐ Bonnie, you can come with me.
‐ Uh, sure.
If we find them,
we'll meet back here, alright?
Okay.
Yumbo.
MEOWTH
'Ha‐ha. It swipes like a charm.'
Hm. Now we can relax.
And do all our important work
at the same time.
It's important for evil geniuses
like us to work smart, not hard.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
This new APC technology
will help us
catch plenty of Pokémon
besides Pikachu and..
Hm.
[screaming]
I was wrong.
It's a Raichu instead.
What's all the yelling about?
[screaming]
Our Pikachu.
Alright.
Where's our Pikachu, huh?
Think it evolved?
I highly doubt it.
But that doesn't explain this.
[ATTACK]
[screams and grunts]
No, no, no.
The Thunderbolt
that normally zaps us
has tons more fizz
than that bomb.
Hey, I got it.
The APC made a mistake.
It made its move
based on the similar juice
Pikachu usually dishes out.
And what's that?
[ATTACK]
[screaming]
No one flattens my hair.
Pumpkaboo, Shadow Ball!
[APPEARING]
[PANIC]
‐ Ah. Ah.
‐ Huh?
Oh. That's what happens
when you mess with me.
But, Jess,
they just rolled out of here.
We had them where
we wanted them.
All I care is to catch Pikachu
and we're gonna grab hold
of that Twerpish
troublemaker or else..
Go. Find that Pikachu, now.
Careful. Watch your step.
Don't worry.
I'm careful. It's fine.
BONNIE/TIERNO
Huh?
Something just fell back there.
[STRUGGLING]/[SURPRISED]
[CONCERNED]
[STRUGGLING]
BONNIE
'Look. It's Sliggoo.'
Wartortle. Raichu.
What a relief.
[HAPPY]
[EXCITED]
So you fell from up there, huh?
I'm so glad you're alright.
Hey.
Where's Team Rocket's robot?
Didn't it fall down with you?
[DENYING]
Wait a minute.
Remember that awful machine
can pick up
on Pikachu's electricity.
So maybe it's chasing Pikachu.
But that means Ash and the
others are in trouble too.
‐ We've gotta find them.
‐ Huh?
Wait. Just leave everything
to us. Dedenne, ready?
[AGREEMENT]/[EXERTION]
[SENSING]
Dedenne can sense
Pikachu's electricity.
And that means Dedenne
can find out where Pikachu is.
Wow, Dedenne can do that?
[EXCITED]
‐ Dedenne knows already.
‐ Really?
[EXERTION]
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Sliggoo.
Hey, Sliggoo.
Wartortle. Raichu.
Answer if you can hear me.
[AGREEMENT]
They don't seem
to be in the area.
[SENSING]
What's up, Pikachu?
[EXCITED]
Right.
It's Dedenne's electricity.
I wonder
if something happened.
‐ Huh?
The robot.
Careful, Pikachu.
Pikachu. Iron Tail.
[IRON TAIL MOVE]
[EXERTION]
Alright, let's go.
[AGREEMENT]
‐ Oh.
‐ We'll never get over that.
[EXERTION]
[DRAGON BREATH MOVE]
No good.
[EXERTION]
[STUNNED]
[gasps]
Sliggoo, please. Stop.
Unbelievable.
Sliggoo's amazing.
Wartortle, Raichu.
Help Sliggoo out.
[AGREEMENT]
[PAINED]
[EXERTION]
[HAPPY]
‐ Alright.
‐ Yay.
[PLEASED]
[EXERTION]
[panting]
[PANIC]
ASH
'Pikachu.'
[screaming]
Team Rocket.
That's my Pikachu.
JESSIE Prepare for trouble,
I disagree.
JAMES And make it double,
it works for me.
To protect the world
from devastation.
To unite all people
within our nation.
To denounce the evils
of truth and love.
To extend our reach
to the stars above!
‐ Jessie.
‐ And James.
Team Rockets blasts off
at the speed of light.
Surrender now or prepare
for a state‐of‐the‐art fight.
Meowth, that's right.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Remember, please and thank you
are called the magic words.
But even polite banter means
nothing from a bunch
of Twerpy tots.
Right. We've got Pikachu
and we're not afraid to use it.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[PANIC]
‐ Huh?
‐ You saved Pikachu. Great.
[CURIOUS]
[THANKFUL]
[PLEASED]
It's Ash and Serena.
You Twerpish brats.
Pumpkaboo, Shadow Ball.
[APPEARING]
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
Look out. Dodge it!
DODGING]
Uh.
‐ What was that?
‐ Yipes. That smarts.
Owee.
This always happens.
[WORRIED]
Uh.
Ash, no. Serena.
[screaming]
Ah..
[PANIC]
Oh, no, Ash.
[ATTACK]
[SCARED]
[PANIC]
[ANGRY]
Huh? Huh?
[SURPRISED]
Hey, isn't that..
[gasps]
[EVOLVING]
Ash, Sliggoo evolved.
Yeah.
Isn't it awesome?
I wouldn't say that.
Hooray.
SERENA
Look.
Whoa.
That's quite a Rain Dance.
Goodra. The Dragon Pokémon
and the evolved form of Sliggoo.
'Goodra is very friendly
and one of its hugs can cover'
'its Trainer
with a sticky slime.'
[HAPPY]
Awesome.
You're amazing, Goodra.
Not again.
The flat hair is back.
Maybe, but better
flat hair than a fat lip.
Say, Goodra
would be a nice catch.
How rude can you get?
Goodra, lesson time.
Now, Pumpkaboo, Dark Pulse.
Take it away, Inkay. Psybeam.
[PSYBEAM MOVE]
[STRUGGLES]
Goodra, great.
And now, it's your turn.
Dragon Breath, let's go.
[DRAGON PULSE MOVE]
[PAINED]
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
We're blasting off again.
[AGREEMENT]
Bye‐bye.
Hey, Ash, that wasn't Dragon
Breath at all.
That was Dragon Pulse.
That's so cool that you learned
how to use Dragon Pulse.
That's awesome.
[AGREEMENT]
[PLEASED]
TIERNO
Ash.
[laughing]
That's the first time I've seen
a Sliggoo evolve into a Goodra.
Pretty slick, huh?
Huh?
It trained super hard
and got stronger.
It won't lose
to anyone again.
Makes sense to me.
Goodra, you're a lucky Pokémon
to have a Trainer like Ash.
[AGREEMENT]
Hold on. We haven't had our
battle. What do you say, Tierno?
[EXCITED]
Yeah, let's go.
Alright, Pikachu,
use Quick Attack!
[AGREEMENT]/[QUICK ATTACK MOVE]
[STRUGGLING]
Wartortle,
use the recoil to spin.
[SPIN MOVE]
[EXERTION]
Quick, dodge it.
[DODGING]
[EXERTION]
Raichu, aim Charge Beam
at Goodra.
[CHARGE BEAM MOVE]
Alright, Goodra, use Bide!
[BIDE MOVE]
Alright,
keep pushing. Focus Blast.
[FOCUS BLAST MOVE]
[ANGRY]
Goodra's tough. A bit slow, but
its endurance is first‐rate.
Now, Raichu,
Focus Blast one more time.
[FOCUS BLAST MOVE]
Pikachu, intercept it
with Electro Ball.
[EXERTION]
Help Raichu. Rapid Spin.
[PAINED]
[ATTACK]
Get ready, Wartortle.
Use Hydro Pump.
[HYDRO PUMP MOVE]
Iron Tail.
[EXERTION]
[SCARED]
Uh, that's so cool.
[EXERTION]
[chuckles]
I thought we had you beat.
I guess not.
[EXCITED]
Alright.
It's time to use some rhythm.
[DANCING]
Wartortle, use Skull Bash
on Goodra, now.
[SKULL BASH MOVE]
[PAINED]
Alright. Hold it there.
Wartortle?
[PAINED]
Raichu, help out. Focus Blast.
Electro Ball, quick.
[ELECTRO BALL MOVE]
[FOCUS BLAST MOVE]
Goodra, throw Wartortle.
[SCARED]/[PAINED]
[PAINED]/[CONFUSED]
Keep up the beat.
Get moving!
[CONFUSED]
‐ Uh.
‐ They lost their rhythm.
Pikachu, use Thunderbolt
on Wartortle, let's go.
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
Goodra.
Dragon Pulse on Raichu.
[DRAGON PULSE MOVE]
[SCARED]/[PAINED]
[DAZED]
Wartortle and Raichu.
We did it.
We won the battle. Yeah!
[EXCITED]
Thanks a lot, Tierno.
We did some great training
because of you.
I want you to battle the Lumiose
City Gym just like today.
Right. And next time I see you,
let's battle again.
You got it. Say hi to Clemont
for me, will you?
Hm. Take care
of yourself, Tierno.
[HAPPY]
SERENA And say hi to Shauna
and Trevor too.
Will do.
Stay well everybody.
[chuckles]
I see it. I see it.
There it is. We finally made it.
Lumiose City.
Clemont, here we come.
Won't be long now.
[EXCITED]
NARRATOR As the glittering
lights of Lumiose City
illuminate the night sky.
There's no doubt
Ash is wondering
what kind of Gym battle
against Clemont awaits him
at the Lumiose City Gym, as our
heroes' journey continues.
[theme music]